readme: info on dev server over local network (#17)
meows/party: README.md

# Running DB and App

> 1. Start dev server in another terminal window then nagivate in a new browser 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Start the dev server in another terminal window, then navigate in a new browser
```

> 1. Start dev server in another terminal window then nagivate in a new browser 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Start the dev server in another terminal window, then navigate in a new browser
```

This removes a trailing space, and fixes a typo with the word `navigate`.

Author: thx fixed

Reviewer 2: You're welcome! Thanks for accepting the suggestion.
